# KamalFrontEnd-201512-29
NOTICE This repository is the property of Lotus Interworks Inc. (LIW). All content in this repository except content, and only such content, pulled or copied from other sources as listed in the List of Pulled or Copied Content and Respective Licenses (“LPCC”) below. By using this Repository you agree that you will not pull or copy into this Repository any content from any source whatsoever that requires royalties or any other form compensation whatsoever to be made to anyone now or any time in the future. You also agree not to pull any content from any source except as explicitly authorized by LIW. From time to time LIW may authorize certain Open Source Content to be copied or pulled into this Repository. In all such instances you agree to promptly list such content in LPCC together with their respective licenses. You further agree that 1. You have read and understood that “LIW values its intellectual properties and expects all those who work with LIW to protect all work, including ideas, designs, processes, software and documents shared or created in any engagement with LIW as proprietary to LIW. Content in this Repository may make references to open sourced software being considered or used by LIW. Extensions, including modifications to such open source software are deemed proprietary and trade secret to LIW until and unless LIW formally and with explicit written consent contributes specific modified open source code back to open source. In any event, including cases where modified open sourced components are placed in open source, the selection, interconnection, configuration, processes, designs, implementation of all technology, including opens source software, that is being developed or is part of LIW deployed systems are proprietary and trade secret to LIW” 2. All content, excluding only the expressly listed content in LPCC, are the property of LIW. 3. You shall include “© Lotus Interworks Inc. (“LIW”) Proprietary and Trade Secret” at least once on the first page and the last page of every content file except for content listed explicitly in LPCC. 4. You shall not copy, distribute or otherwise use any content or information that LIW considers proprietary, as stated herein, with anyone without explicit written permission from the President of LIW.

List of Pulled of Copied Content and Respective Licenses (“LPCC”)
